Proposed change to #1965 (#2212)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

including sending new or retransmitted data based on the application's
priorities.

When a PTO timer expires, new or previously-sent data may not be available to

> send, and data may still be in flight.  A sender can be blocked from sending new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 send, and packets may still be in flight.  A sender can be blocked from sending new
```

including sending new or retransmitted data based on the application's
priorities.

> When a PTO timer expires, new or previously-sent data may not available to send,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a PTO timer expires, new or previously-sent data may not be available to send,
```

and data may still be in flight.  Under these conditions, a sender MUST mark any
packets still in flight as lost.  This can happen for example when data is sent
on a stream which is then reset by a sender, and a PTO timer expires after this

> stream is reset.  A sender can be blocked from sending new data in the future if

Reviewer 3: If the stream is reset, there is still ack-eliciting data pending, the RESET_STREAM frame. When that frame is sent, a new PTO would be sent.

Does this case that would trigger your scenaior: if you sent X (could be s STREAM frame or something else) and then a PTO fires and you retransmit X, but shortly after you receive an ACK for the first transmission. But then PTO fires for the retransmission.

Author: Hm, good point. So how can we end up in this situation then? Do we have any example?

Author: @martinduke ^

including sending new or retransmitted data based on the application's
priorities.

When a PTO timer expires, new or previously-sent data may not available to send,

> and data may still be in flight.  A sender can be blocked from sending new data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 and packets may still be in flight.  A sender can be blocked from sending new data
```

> in the future if data is left in flight with no PTO armed.  Under these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 in the future if packets are left in flight with no PTO armed.  Under these
```
